To add a report in Microsoft Teams with Power BI Tab, user must have … (#2188)
MicrosoftDocs/powerbi-docs: powerbi-docs/collaborate-share/service-embed-report-microsoft-teams.md

- Your users have a Power BI Pro license, or the report is contained in a [Power BI Premium capacity (EM or P SKU)](../admin/service-premium-what-is.md) with a Power BI license.
- Microsoft Teams has the Power BI tab.
- Users have signed in to the Power BI service to activate their Power BI license to consume the report.

> - To add a report in Microsoft Teams with Power BI Tab, user must have at-least viewer permission to workspace hosting the report. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To add a report in Microsoft Teams with the Power BI tab, you must have at least a Viewer role in the workspace hosting the report. See [Roles in the new workspaces](service-new-workspaces.md#roles-in-the-new-workspaces) for information about the different roles.
```

> - To see the report in Power BI Tab in Micrrosoft Teams, user must have permission to view the report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To see the report in the Power BI tab in Microsoft Teams, users must have permission to view the report.
```
